In this version, we'll be making some fixes and adding in one more command.

# Fixes

1. The tables don't render correctly. The links get cut off and are therefore malformed (for example, one link renders as: "https://codeforces.com/contest/1826/s...", with "..." at the end). I want links to be functional.
2. I want the table to be dynamically sized based on the terminal size so that it fits properly.

# New Command 

We will create a new command: 

`coalesce plot <params>`

- This command will plot the number of solved problems vs time based on the specified parameters.
- It should use an ASCII plotting library to plot the graph.

## Parameters

- `--rating x-y` - restrict the problem rating range to [x, y]. this will default to [0, 3500].
- `--tag_and tag1,tag2,...` - restrict to problems which have ALL of the specified tags. if this is not given, ignore this parameter.
- `--tag_or tag1,tag2,...` - restrict to problems which have AT LEAST ONE of the specified tags. if this is not given, ignore this parameter.
- `--time <time param>` - restrict to problems which were solved within the time range [x, y]. if this is not given, ignore this parameter. input should support -
    1. the form <dd>/<mm>/<yyyy>-<dd>/<mm>/<yyyy> for a date range.
    2. the following natural language phrases - "today", "yesterday", "this week", "this month", "this year", "last week", "last month", "last year"
- `--cid [x-y]` - restrict to problems from contests in the range [x, y]. if this is not given, ignore this parameter.
- `--xaxis <xaxis param>` - `<xaxis param>` will either be week or month or rating. if this is not given, default to month.


# Final words

1. GO THROUGH THE ENTIRE PROJECT ONCE TO GET AN OVERVIEW BEFORE ASKING QUESTIONS.
2. You shall have to update the readme and other dependent files to reflect the changes you make.